Implement an `export` pipeline operator (#3193)
tenzir/vast: web/docs/understand/operators/sources/export.md

# export

Retrieves events from a VAST node. The dual to [`import`](../sinks/import.md).

## Synopsis

```
export
```

## Description

The `export` operator retrieves events from a VAST node.

:::note Flush to disk
Pipelines starting with the `export` operator do not access events that are not
written to disk.

> We plan to change this behavior in the near future. Until then, we recommend

Reviewer: I don't think we do—it is absolutely intended that we only query passive partitions, so this second part of this note should be toned down a bit.

What we must add in the future, however, is the following:
- A mechanism to export continuously (i.e., retrieve all new partitions as they are registered at the catalog).
- Replace explicit flushing with an implicit flush in the import operator, and respect partition timeouts in the import operator.

Author: I removed the "We plan..." sentence in https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/3193/commits/45aaa7cf4310261cd85e18870d054ffae86b2149.

Should I write issues for those two points?

> running `vast flush` before exporting events to make sure they're available for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running `tenzir-ctl flush` before exporting events to make sure they're available for
```

Author: I replaced the command in https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/3193/commits/45aaa7cf4310261cd85e18870d054ffae86b2149
